classType.docID | Title
******************** Cluster #1 ********************
cricket.2016 | Batsman Van Jaarsveld joins Kent
football.3002 | Van Nistelrooy set to return
football.3004 | Ronaldo considering new contract
football.3008 | Gerrard plays down European hopes
football.3009 | Duff ruled out of Barcelona clash
football.3010 | Chelsea clinch cup in extra-time
football.3014 | Clyde 0-5 Celtic
football.3016 | Kenyon denies Robben Barca return
football.3017 | Bridge could miss rest of season
football.3018 | Parry firm over Gerrard
football.3020 | Robben sidelined with broken foot
football.3021 | Giggs handed Wales leading role
football.3022 | Bosvelt optimistic over new deal
football.3023 | Sociedad set to rescue Mladenovic
football.3024 | Parry relishes Anfield challenge
football.3025 | Time to get tough on friendlies?
football.3026 | Barcelona title hopes hit by loss
football.3027 | Parry puts Gerrard 'above money'
football.3028 | Bees handed potential Man Utd tie
football.3029 | England's defensive crisis grows
football.3030 | Ferdinand casts doubt over Glazer
football.3032 | McCall earns Tannadice reprieve
football.3033 | Kewell waits as injury drags on
football.3036 | Weir poised for Sunderland move
football.3041 | Israeli club look to Africa
football.3044 | Bellamy under new fire
football.3047 | Benitez issues warning to Gerrard
football.3048 | Owen determined to stay in Madrid
football.3049 | Wenger handed summer war chest
football.3050 | Souness delight at Euro progress
football.3051 | Downing injury mars Uefa victory
football.3052 | Rangers seal Old Firm win
football.3054 | Palace threat over Cantona masks
football.3056 | Jol joy at 'professional' Cup win
football.3057 | Owen delighted with Real display
football.3058 | Ferguson fears Milan cutting edge
football.3059 | Rush future at Chester uncertain
football.3060 | Reyes tricked into Real admission
football.3061 | Benitez joy as Reds take control
football.3062 | Souness eyes summer move for Owen
football.3063 | Wenger dejected as Arsenal slump
football.3064 | Stam spices up Man Utd encounter
football.3065 | Mourinho defiant on Chelsea form
football.3067 | Coach Ranieri sacked by Valencia
football.3068 | Cole faces lengthy injury lay-off
football.3071 | Unclear future for striker Baros
football.3073 | Robben plays down European return
football.3074 | Adriano's Chelsea link rejected
football.3075 | FA decides not to punish Mourinho
football.3077 | Boro suffer Morrison injury blow
football.3078 | Mourinho receives Robson warning
football.3079 | QPR keeper Day heads for Preston
football.3080 | Cudicini misses Carling Cup final
football.3081 | Beattie return calms attack fears
football.3082 | Keegan hails comeback king Fowler
football.3083 | Thompson says Gerrard should stay
football.3084 | Cole refuses to blame van Persie
football.3085 | Blackburn v Burnley
football.3086 | Brentford v Southampton
football.3087 | Desailly backs Blues revenge trip
football.3088 | Desailly backs Blues revenge trip
football.3089 | Mourinho expects fight to finish
football.3090 | Cup holders Man Utd visit Everton
football.3091 | Candela completes Bolton switch
football.3092 | Stuart joins Norwich from Addicks
football.3093 | Celtic make late bid for Bellamy
football.3094 | Campbell lifts lid on United feud
football.3095 | Rovers reject third Ferguson bid
football.3097 | Tottenham bid &#163;8m for Forest duo
football.3098 | Redknapp's Saints face Pompey tie
football.3099 | Real in talks over Gravesen move
football.3100 | Klinsmann issues Lehmann warning
football.3101 | Juninho demand for O'Neill talks
football.3102 | Wenger signs new deal
football.3110 | Uefa approves fake grass
football.3111 | Yeading face Newcastle in FA Cup
football.3112 | Anelka 'eyes Man City departure'
football.3115 | Gallas sees two-horse race
football.3117 | Edu blasts Arsenal
football.3118 | Can Smith work Scottish wonders?
football.3119 | Jansen suffers a further setback
football.3124 | Mourinho plots impressive course
football.3126 | Curbishley delight for Johansson
football.3127 | Lennon brands Rangers favourites
football.3128 | McClaren hails Boro's Uefa spirit
football.3129 | Benitez delight after crucial win
football.3132 | Wolves appoint Hoddle as manager
football.3133 | Wenger keeping faith with Almunia
football.3134 | Houllier praises Benitez regime
football.3135 | McClaren targets Champions League
football.3136 | Hitzlsperger waiting on O'Leary
football.3138 | Wolves appoint Hoddle as manager
football.3139 | Redknapp poised for Saints
football.3142 | Liverpool revel in night of glory
football.3143 | English clubs make Euro history
football.3144 | Ferguson puts faith in youngsters
football.3145 | Beckham relief as Real go through
football.3148 | Wenger rules out new keeper
football.3149 | Liverpool pledge to keep Gerrard
football.3150 | Pearce keen on succeeding Keegan
football.3151 | Bomb threat at Bernabeu stadium
football.3153 | Real will finish abandoned match
football.3154 | Poll explains free-kick decision
football.3155 | Solskjaer raises hopes of return
football.3156 | Dunne keen to commit to Man City
football.3157 | Bates seals takeover
football.3158 | Ferguson rues failure to cut gap
football.3160 | Anelka apologises for criticism
football.3161 | Ferguson rues failure to cut gap
football.3162 | Everton's Weir cools Euro hopes
football.3165 | Benitez deflects blame from Dudek
football.3167 | McClaren eyes Uefa Cup top spot
football.3169 | McLeish ready for criticism
football.3170 | O'Leary agrees new Villa contract
football.3171 | Gronkjaer agrees switch to Madrid
football.3172 | Benitez 'to launch Morientes bid'
football.3173 | Robertson out to retain Euro lure
football.3176 | Strachan turns down Pompey
football.3177 | Henry tipped for Fifa award
football.3178 | Newcastle to join Morientes race
football.3179 | Blues slam Blackburn over Savage
football.3180 | Gerrard happy at Anfield
football.3181 | Beckham rules out management move
football.3182 | Mexicans tracking unhappy Juninho
football.3185 | Newcastle line up Babayaro
football.3186 | Mourinho takes swipe at Arsenal
football.3187 | Wenger shock at Newcastle dip
football.3188 | Ferguson hails Man Utd's resolve
football.3191 | Clean sweep impossible - Mourinho
football.3192 | Wenger refuses to give up title
football.3193 | Henchoz prefers England to Gers
football.3195 | Newcastle move in for Boa Morte
football.3196 | Sanchez targets NI win in Warsaw
football.3198 | Highbury will be our Cup final
football.3199 | Beckham defends form for England
football.3200 | Beckham hints at Man Utd return
football.3201 | Beckham's chat reigns in Spain
football.3202 | Gerrard future not decided by Cardiff loss
football.3207 | Gunners clock up winning record
football.3209 | Owen may have to return home
football.3211 | Owen dismisses fresh Real rumours
football.3212 | A need to limit foreign numbers
football.3215 | The gloves are off
football.3216 | Underdogs have more fun
football.3219 | Stars shine for tsunami benefit
football.3220 | More Africans for tsunami game
football.3221 | FA Cup losing its sheen
football.3223 | The wonder of Ronaldinho
football.3225 | Argentine great Caniggia retires
football.3226 | Taking the highs with the lows
football.3228 | Molby says Gravesen is Real deal
football.3230 | Ronaldinho denies Blues interest
football.3233 | Man Utd urged to seal Giggs deal
football.3235 | City tie on as weather hits games
football.3236 | Nike defends under-fire football
football.3237 | Petit career ended by knee injury
football.3241 | Ronaldinho would consider Chelsea
football.3243 | Mourinho says race is almost over
football.3244 | Faye plans to stay at Portsmouth
football.3245 | Cech sets clean-sheet benchmark
football.3246 | Blackburn 0-1 Chelsea
football.3250 | Mourinho sends out warning shot
football.3252 | Morientes admits to Reds struggle
football.3253 | Chelsea 3-0 Portsmouth
football.3254 | Worthington praises classy Villa
football.3262 | Van Nistelrooy hungry for return
football.3263 | Keane defiant over Vieira bust-up
rugby.4112 | Kafer quits Saracens
rugby.4113 | Kafer resigns as Saracens coach
tennis.5062 | Roddick in talks over new coach
******************** Cluster #2 ********************
cricket.2036 | Streak set to make return
cricket.2069 | BSkyB lands England deal
cricket.2097 | Ashes defeat 'won't hurt Aussies'
cricket.2122 | ECB reveals county one-day revamp
cricket.2123 | Ireland happy with new C&G format
football.3019 | Wright-Phillips to start on right
football.3034 | Smith aims to bring back respect
football.3035 | Injury doubts beset Wales squad
football.3038 | Republic to face China and Italy
football.3039 | Finnan says Irish can win group
football.3040 | Irish finish with home game
football.3096 | SA return to Mauritius
football.3121 | Zambia confident and cautious
football.3194 | Keane returns to Republic squad
rugby.4001 | Hodgson shoulders England blame
rugby.4002 | Vickery out of Six Nations
rugby.4003 | Yachvili savours France comeback
rugby.4004 | Laporte tinkers with team
rugby.4005 | Lewsey puzzle over disallowed try
rugby.4006 | Fuming Robinson blasts officials
rugby.4007 | O'Gara revels in Ireland victory
rugby.4008 | Thomas out of Six Nations
rugby.4009 | Wales coach elated with win
rugby.4010 | Newcastle 27-27 Gloucester
rugby.4011 | London Irish 19-33 Wasps
rugby.4012 | Murray returns to Scotland fold
rugby.4013 | Fear will help France - Laporte
rugby.4014 | Davies favours Gloucester future
rugby.4015 | Ref stands by Scotland decisions
rugby.4016 | Robinson ready for difficult task
rugby.4017 | Bell set for England debut
rugby.4018 | O'Sullivan quick to hail Italians
rugby.4019 | Italy 17-28 Ireland
rugby.4020 | Jones happy with Henson heroics
rugby.4021 | Double injury blow strikes Wales
rugby.4022 | Kirwan demands Italy consistency
rugby.4023 | Fit-again Betsen in France squad
rugby.4024 | Wales critical of clumsy Grewcock
rugby.4025 | Henson stakes early Lions claim
rugby.4026 | Murphy: That was a bruising battle
rugby.4027 | Wales make two changes for France
rugby.4028 | Ireland surge past Scots
rugby.4029 | Wales win in Rome
rugby.4030 | White prepared for battle
rugby.4031 | O'Driscoll saves Irish blushes
rugby.4032 | Barkley fit for match in Ireland
rugby.4033 | Wales stars need a rest - Ruddock
rugby.4034 | Munster Cup tie switched to Spain
rugby.4035 | Williams says he will never quit
rugby.4037 | France v Wales (Sat)
rugby.4038 | Woodward eyes Brennan for Lions
rugby.4039 | Scotland v Italy (Sat)
rugby.4040 | Preview: Ireland v England (Sun)
rugby.4041 | Leeds v Saracens (Fri)
rugby.4042 | Worcester v Sale (Fri)
rugby.4043 | Robinson answers critics
rugby.4044 | Sella wants Michalak recall
rugby.4045 | Umaga ready for Lions
rugby.4046 | Umaga ready for "fearsome" Lions
rugby.4047 | Campese berates whingeing England
rugby.4048 | O'Driscoll/Gregan lead Aid stars
rugby.4049 | Harinordoquy suffers France axe
rugby.4050 | Parker misses England clash
rugby.4051 | Stevens named in England line-up
rugby.4052 | Bortolami predicts dour contest
rugby.4053 | Corry backs skipper Robinson
rugby.4054 | Prop Jones ready for hard graft
rugby.4055 | Moody joins up with England
rugby.4056 | Captains lining up for Aid match
rugby.4057 | Castaignede fires Laporte warning
rugby.4058 | Charvis set to lose fitness bid
rugby.4059 | Robinson out of Six Nations
rugby.4060 | England coach faces rap after row
rugby.4061 | Harinordoquy suffers France axe
rugby.4062 | Wilkinson return 'unlikely'
rugby.4063 | England 'to launch ref protest'
rugby.4064 | Moore questions captaincy
rugby.4065 | Owen set for skipper role
rugby.4066 | Italy aim to rattle England
rugby.4067 | Dal Maso in to replace Bergamasco
rugby.4068 | Teenager Tait picked for England
rugby.4069 | Wood - Ireland can win Grand Slam
rugby.4070 | Scots suffer another injury blow
rugby.4071 | O'Sullivan keeps his powder dry
rugby.4072 | Wales get Williams fitness boost
rugby.4073 | Dawson joins England injury list
rugby.4074 | Wales want rugby league training
rugby.4075 | Saint-Andre anger at absent stars
rugby.4076 | Ruddock backs Yapp's credentials
rugby.4077 | Player burn-out worries Robinson
rugby.4079 | Funding cut hits Wales Students
rugby.4081 | A year to remember for Irish
rugby.4083 | Lomu relishing return to action
rugby.4084 | Johnson announces June retirement
rugby.4085 | A November to remember
rugby.4086 | South Africa sweep top awards
rugby.4087 | Robinson wants dual code success
rugby.4088 | All Black magic: New Zealand rugby
rugby.4089 | WRU proposes season overhaul
rugby.4090 | Wilkinson to lead England
rugby.4091 | Hong Kong in 2011 World Cup bid
rugby.4092 | Dallaglio his own man to the end
rugby.4093 | Wasps 31-37 Leicester
rugby.4094 | Ireland 17-12 South Africa
rugby.4095 | Ireland v USA (Sat)
rugby.4096 | Ireland call up uncapped Campbell
rugby.4097 | Ireland 21-19 Argentina
rugby.4098 | England claim Dubai Sevens glory
rugby.4099 | Barbarians 19-47 New Zealand
rugby.4100 | Dawson wins England squad recall
rugby.4101 | Borders 19-20 Ulster
rugby.4102 | Lions blow to World Cup stars
rugby.4104 | Lions blow to World Cup winners
rugby.4105 | Wilkinson fit to face Edinburgh
rugby.4106 | Dallaglio eyeing Lions tour place
rugby.4107 | Dawson set for new Wasps contract
rugby.4108 | Healey targets England comeback
rugby.4109 | Johnson rules out Lions tour
rugby.4110 | Wilkinson: Injuries toughened me
rugby.4111 | Gatland fears end of European run
rugby.4114 | Hurter flees Falcons nest for SA
rugby.4115 | O'Shea to head up RFU Academies
rugby.4116 | Wasps thrown out of Powergen Cup
rugby.4117 | Wilkinson targets Ireland
rugby.4118 | Marshall set for Leeds move
rugby.4119 | Scrum-half Williams rejoins Bath
rugby.4120 | Bath faced with Tindall ultimatum
rugby.4121 | Tindall wants second opinion
rugby.4122 | Paris promise raises Welsh hopes
rugby.4123 | Wales silent on Grand Slam talk
rugby.4124 | Sculthorpe wants Lions captaincy
rugby.4125 | Tigers wary of Farrell 'gamble'
rugby.4126 | Farrell saga to drag on - Lindsay
rugby.4127 | England given tough Sevens draw
rugby.4128 | Wales hails new superstar
rugby.4129 | Sydney to host north v south game
rugby.4130 | Celts savour Grand Slam prospect
rugby.4131 | Ireland win eclipses refereeing 'errors'
rugby.4132 | Ireland 19-13 England
rugby.4133 | Fuming Robinson blasts officials
rugby.4134 | Scotland 18-10 Italy
rugby.4135 | Bortolami predicts dour contest
rugby.4136 | O'Connell rejects Lions rumours
rugby.4137 | Taylor poised for Scotland return
rugby.4138 | Vickery upbeat about arm injury
rugby.4139 | Dominici backs lacklustre France
rugby.4140 | Llewellyn plans Wales retirement
rugby.4141 | England 17-18 France
rugby.4142 | Wilkinson to miss Ireland match
rugby.4143 | Italy 8-38 Wales
rugby.4144 | D'Arcy injury adds to Ireland woe
rugby.4145 | O'Driscoll out of Scotland game
rugby.4146 | Tindall aiming to earn Lions spot
rugby.4147 | O'Connor aims to grab opportunity
tennis.5092 | Australia miss Molik for Fed Cup
******************** Cluster #3 ********************
athletics.1093 | Costin aims for comeback in 2006
cricket.2001 | Hayden sets up Australia win
cricket.2002 | Pietersen gives England a chance
cricket.2003 | South Africa far too strong again
cricket.2004 | Pakistan on revenge mission
cricket.2005 | Russell to instruct keeper Jones
cricket.2006 | England A roll to second victory
cricket.2007 | Kaif absence wrong - Azharuddin
cricket.2008 | Bracewell worried by Lee
cricket.2010 | Tuffey pays price for profligacy
cricket.2011 | Tendulkar eyes Test return
cricket.2012 | Tudor given fresh start by Essex
cricket.2013 | England slump to defeat
cricket.2015 | Aussie McGrath to take match off
cricket.2017 | Jayasuriya set to join Somerset
cricket.2018 | Streak happy with comeback
cricket.2019 | Auckland set forTwenty20
cricket.2020 | Batting prospects excite Vaughan
cricket.2021 | Jayasuriya set to join Somerset
cricket.2022 | Pakistan batsmen make edgy start
cricket.2023 | Pakistan question warm-up venue
cricket.2024 | India's top six secure - Ganguly
cricket.2026 | Pakistan arrive for tour of India
cricket.2027 | South Africa crush Zimbabwe
cricket.2028 | Hodge earns Aussie Test call
cricket.2029 | Weather worry for Pakistan
cricket.2030 | Denness leads Luckhurst tributes
cricket.2031 | Streak return could lift Zimbabwe
cricket.2032 | India's top six secure - Ganguly
cricket.2034 | Pakistan promised tough warm-up
cricket.2035 | West Indies opener Rae mourned
cricket.2038 | Lara injury worry for West Indies
cricket.2039 | Bashar delighted after series win
cricket.2040 | Injured Butcher out of tour
cricket.2041 | World XI win Tsunami match
cricket.2042 | Flintoff fit to bowl at Wanderers
cricket.2043 | Flintoff fit to bowl at Wanderers
cricket.2044 | Australia build imposing lead
cricket.2045 | Australia dominate India
cricket.2046 | Aussies unhappy with pitch
cricket.2048 | Vaughan ready for South Africa
cricket.2049 | Wilson back in Kiwi cricket squad
cricket.2050 | England stutter to Zimbabwe win
cricket.2052 | South Africa recall Boje
cricket.2053 | South Africa recall spinner Boje
cricket.2054 | Butt provides boost for Pakistan
cricket.2055 | Murali to miss one-dayers in NZ
cricket.2056 | Australia return to winning ways
cricket.2057 | Ganguly plays down fears
cricket.2059 | Hayden ruled out of Kiwi showdown
cricket.2060 | Kumble breaks Kapil's record
cricket.2061 | Kumble overtakes Kapil's record
cricket.2062 | Australia unchanged for Pakistan
cricket.2063 | Rain holds up England
cricket.2064 | England on brink of defeat
cricket.2065 | India wrap up victory in Dhaka
cricket.2066 | Richardson ends just short
cricket.2067 | England require extra 'intensity'
cricket.2068 | England claim historic series win
cricket.2070 | Langer century deflates Pakistan
cricket.2071 | England attempt to create history
cricket.2072 | Kiwis recall Tuffey for Sri Lanka
cricket.2073 | Strauss ton boosts England
cricket.2074 | Aussies tighten grip
cricket.2075 | South Africa back in contention
cricket.2076 | England 'could win Ashes'
cricket.2077 | Kaif shines in India win
cricket.2079 | England hopeful over Jones
cricket.2080 | England left in tatters in Durban
cricket.2081 | Lee runs through Windies
cricket.2082 | Youhana leads from front
cricket.2083 | England duo hit centuries
cricket.2084 | England eye win after Thorpe ton
cricket.2086 | Australia take control
cricket.2087 | Australia complete sweep
cricket.2088 | Australia complete series sweep
cricket.2089 | England pondering line-up
cricket.2090 | Bangladesh build platform
cricket.2093 | Vaughan endures day to forget
cricket.2095 | Kallis keen on Glamorgan return
cricket.2096 | England victory tainted by history
cricket.2098 | Pakistan have the edge - Mushtaq
cricket.2099 | New Zealand to step up security
cricket.2101 | ICC ponders one-day alterations
cricket.2103 | Holding slams Twenty20 'rubbish'
cricket.2105 | Windies women in optimistic mood
cricket.2107 | England fail to finish job again
cricket.2108 | Cricket coach moves on after tsunami
cricket.2109 | Pietersen handed one-day call-up
cricket.2110 | Pakistan slump in Twenty20 debut
cricket.2111 | Zimbabwe bowlers endure hard toil
cricket.2114 | World XI triumph in tsunami match
cricket.2115 | Bangladesh delighted at Test win
cricket.2118 | Batsman Law gains UK citizenship
cricket.2119 | England need to regroup
cricket.2124 | Pakistan urged to show more fight
football.3001 | Man Utd stroll to Cup win
football.3003 | Moyes U-turn on Beattie dismissal
football.3007 | Man City 0-2 Man Utd
football.3011 | Newcastle 2-1 Bolton
football.3012 | Middlesbrough 2-2 Charlton
football.3013 | Dundee Utd 4-1 Aberdeen
football.3015 | Hearts 2-1 Livingston
football.3045 | Chelsea denied by James heroics
football.3069 | Arsenal through on penalties
football.3116 | Tevez - an Argentine in Brazil
football.3120 | Mansfield 0-1 Leyton Orient
football.3123 | Kerr frustrated at victory margin
football.3130 | Bristol City 2-1 Milton Keynes
football.3131 | Hereford 1-1 Doncaster
football.3146 | Man Utd through after Exeter test
football.3152 | Chelsea hold Arsenal
football.3174 | Campbell rescues Arsenal
football.3175 | Reds sink 10-man Magpies
football.3184 | Robben and Cole earn Chelsea win
football.3189 | TV calls after Carroll error
football.3205 | Linesman defends disallowed goal
football.3206 | Bookies pay out on Spurs 'goal'
football.3210 | Moyes U-turn on Beattie dismissal
football.3222 | Greece defy the odds at Euro 2004
football.3224 | 2004 - A year to remember
football.3242 | Pennant guilty of wasting talent
football.3247 | Man City 1-1 Newcastle
football.3249 | Charlton 1-2 Liverpool
football.3255 | Plymouth 3-0 Sheff Utd
football.3259 | Bayern Munich 3-1 Arsenal
football.3260 | Arsenal 1-1 Sheff Utd
football.3261 | Crusaders 2-3 Ballymena United
football.3265 | Morocco 5-1 Kenya
tennis.5071 | Nadal puts Spain 2-0 up
******************** Cluster #4 ********************
athletics.1004 | IAAF launches fight against drugs
athletics.1016 | Verdict delay for Greek sprinters
athletics.1017 | Call for Kenteris to be cleared
athletics.1023 | Greek pair attend drugs hearing
athletics.1026 | Collins appeals against drugs ban
athletics.1033 | Greek sprinters suspended by IAAF
athletics.1035 | Collins banned in landmark case
athletics.1036 | Jones doping probe begins
athletics.1039 | Jones medals 'must go if guilty'
athletics.1043 | Collins named UK Athletics chief
athletics.1044 | White admits to Balco drugs link
athletics.1045 | Trial date is set for Balco case
athletics.1046 | Radcliffe eyes hard line on drugs
athletics.1047 | Kenteris denies faking road crash
athletics.1048 | Greek pair set for hearing
athletics.1049 | Jones files Conte lawsuit
athletics.1050 | IAAF awaits Greek pair's response
athletics.1051 | IAAF to rule on Greek sprint pair
athletics.1054 | Thanou bullish over drugs hearing
athletics.1072 | Running around the Olympics
athletics.1079 | Wada will appeal against ruling
athletics.1080 | Greek sprinters 'won't run again'
athletics.1081 | IAAF will contest Greek decision
athletics.1082 | Greek duo cleared in doping case
athletics.1088 | Jones files lawsuit against Conte
athletics.1089 | Thanou desperate to make return
athletics.1091 | Balco case trial date pushed back
athletics.1092 | Collins calls for Chambers return
athletics.1101 | Event devised to nurture athletes
cricket.2009 | Pakistan accept venues compromise
cricket.2014 | Streak ends Zim dispute
cricket.2025 | Harbhajan action given all-clear
cricket.2033 | Harbhajan action given all-clear
cricket.2037 | India 'confident' of deal
cricket.2047 | Boycott slams 'chucking' plan
cricket.2051 | Scotland take small step into the big time
cricket.2058 | India clear for Chittagong games
cricket.2078 | Windies Australia tour to proceed
cricket.2085 | Sri Lanka cancel tour
cricket.2091 | Kenya cricket boss fights sacking
cricket.2092 | Union to contest Vaughan penalty
cricket.2094 | Sri Lankans cleared of misconduct
cricket.2100 | Shoaib ruled out of Test series
cricket.2102 | ICC relaxes bowling regulations
cricket.2104 | Pakistan 'to host next Asia Cup'
cricket.2106 | USA cricket placed under threat
cricket.2112 | ICC to press on with Dubai switch
cricket.2113 | Sri Lanka reschedule NZ Test tour
cricket.2116 | Scotland closing in on new coach
cricket.2117 | ECB defends England tour schedule
cricket.2120 | Sri Lanka squad sets off for home
cricket.2121 | Sri Lanka decide to continue tour
football.3005 | Smith keen on Home series return
football.3006 | Mido makes third apology
football.3031 | Premier League planning Cole date
football.3037 | Newry to fight cup exit in courts
football.3042 | Iranian misses Israel match
football.3043 | Highbury tunnel players in clear
football.3046 | Chelsea ridiculed over complaint
football.3053 | SFA awaits report over Mikoliunas
football.3055 | Legendary Dutch boss Michels dies
football.3066 | Hodgson relishes European clashes
football.3070 | Ajax refuse to rule out Jol move
football.3072 | Prutton poised for lengthy FA ban
football.3076 | Aragones angered by racism fine
football.3103 | FA probes crowd trouble
football.3104 | Edu describes tunnel fracas
football.3105 | Chelsea sack Mutu
football.3106 | Ferguson urges Henry punishment
football.3107 | Wenger offers Mutu hope
football.3108 | Santini resigns as Spurs manager
football.3109 | Mutu to hold talks with Juventus
football.3113 | Arnesen denies rift with Santini
football.3114 | Souness backs Smith for Scotland
football.3122 | Reaction from Spanish press
football.3137 | Mourinho to escape FA charge
football.3140 | FA charges Liverpool and Millwall
football.3141 | Wenger steps up row
football.3147 | Hamm bows out for US
football.3159 | Old Firm pair handed suspensions
football.3163 | Spain coach faces racism inquiry
football.3164 | Spain coach faces racism inquiry
football.3166 | Bellamy fined after row
football.3168 | Spurs to sign Iceland U21 star
football.3183 | Celtic unhappy over Bulgaria date
football.3190 | FA charges Mourinho
football.3197 | FAI secures &#163;7m sponsorship deal
football.3203 | Barwick installed as new FA boss
football.3204 | Barwick calls for Highbury calm
football.3208 | Fifa agrees goal-line technology
football.3213 | No lack of Christmas spirit
football.3214 | FA ready to test out goal bleeper
football.3217 | Bitter Santini hits out at Spurs
football.3218 | Uefa threat over foreign quotas
football.3227 | Blatter suggests offside change
football.3229 | Dein concerned by Chelsea stance
football.3232 | Cantona issues Man Utd job hint
football.3234 | Rivals back anti-racism campaign
football.3238 | Tapping-up row is so much hot air
football.3239 | Premier League probes Cole claims
football.3240 | Eriksson warned on Cole comments
football.3248 | Tanzania gets Fifa backing
football.3251 | O'Driscoll concern at Fifa ruling
football.3256 | Uganda FA suspended
football.3257 | Man Utd women's team to be axed
football.3258 | SA supports Fifa control
football.3264 | Tartan Army given safety pledge
rugby.4036 | Pountney handed ban and fine
rugby.4078 | Hodges announces rugby retirement
rugby.4080 | Calder fears for Scottish rugby
rugby.4082 | Williams stays on despite dispute
rugby.4103 | Campbell to be Lions consultant
tennis.5028 | Kuznetsova 'failed a drugs test'
tennis.5041 | Rusedski angry over supplements
tennis.5044 | Connors boost for British tennis
tennis.5065 | Koubek suspended after drugs test
tennis.5082 | Minister digs in over doping row
******************** Cluster #5 ********************
athletics.1001 | Claxton hunting first major medal
athletics.1002 | O'Sullivan could run in Worlds
athletics.1003 | Greene sets sights on world title
athletics.1005 | Dibaba breaks 5,000m world record
athletics.1006 | Isinbayeva claims new world best
athletics.1007 | O'Sullivan commits to Dublin race
athletics.1008 | Hansen 'delays return until 2006'
athletics.1009 | Off-colour Gardener storms to win
athletics.1010 | Collins to compete in Birmingham
athletics.1011 | Radcliffe yet to answer GB call
athletics.1012 | Edwards tips Idowu for Euro gold
athletics.1013 | Kenya lift Chepkemei's suspension
athletics.1014 | McIlroy aiming for Madrid title
athletics.1015 | UK Athletics agrees new kit deal
athletics.1018 | Merritt close to indoor 400m mark
athletics.1019 | London hope over Chepkemei
athletics.1020 | Edwards tips Idowu for Euro gold
athletics.1021 | Chepkemei hit by big ban
athletics.1022 | Holmes secures comeback victory
athletics.1024 | Chepkemei joins Edinburgh line-up
athletics.1025 | El Guerrouj targets cross country
athletics.1027 | Holmes feted with further honour
athletics.1028 | Campbell to extend sprint career
athletics.1029 | Isinbayeva heads for Birmingham
athletics.1030 | 2004: An Irish Athletics Year
athletics.1031 | Sprinter Walker quits athletics
athletics.1032 | Bekele sets sights on world mark
athletics.1034 | Athens memories soar above lows
athletics.1037 | Johnson accuses British sprinters
athletics.1038 | Radcliffe proves doubters wrong
athletics.1040 | Radcliffe tackles marathon tasks
athletics.1041 | Gatlin and Hayes win Owen awards
athletics.1042 | Radcliffe enjoys winning comeback
athletics.1052 | Holmes starts 2005 with GB events
athletics.1053 | Gebrselassie in London triple bid
athletics.1055 | Holmes is hit by hamstring injury
athletics.1056 | Kluft impressed by Sotherton form
athletics.1057 | What now for Kelly Holmes?
athletics.1058 | Gardener battles to narrow win
athletics.1059 | European medal chances improve
athletics.1060 | McIlroy wins 800m indoor title
athletics.1061 | Johnson edges out rival Sotherton
athletics.1062 | Brizzel to run AAA's in Sheffield
athletics.1063 | Holmes urged to compete at Worlds
athletics.1064 | McIlroy continues winning streak
athletics.1065 | Radcliffe will compete in London
athletics.1066 | Britain boosted by Holmes double
athletics.1067 | Lewis-Francis eyeing world gold
athletics.1068 | GB select Holmes for double bid
athletics.1069 | Holmes back on form in Birmingham
athletics.1070 | Record fails to lift lacklustre meet
athletics.1071 | Tomlinson stays focused on Europe
athletics.1073 | Johnson uncertain about Euro bid
athletics.1074 | Pavey focuses on indoor success
athletics.1075 | Gardener wins double in Glasgow
athletics.1076 | African double in Edinburgh
athletics.1077 | Yelling takes Cardiff hat-trick
athletics.1078 | Butler strikes gold in Spain
athletics.1083 | Johnson too strong for GB runners
athletics.1084 | Holmes starts 2005 with GB events
athletics.1085 | Tulu to appear at Caledonian run
athletics.1086 | Disappointed Scott in solid start
athletics.1087 | GB quartet get cross country call
athletics.1090 | Relay squad thrilled with honours
athletics.1094 | Lewis-Francis turns to Christie
athletics.1095 | Greene to compete in Birmingham
athletics.1096 | Kluft playing down record chance
athletics.1097 | Pittman drops coach for UK base
athletics.1098 | Lewis-Francis shakes off injury
athletics.1099 | Holmes facing fine over trials
athletics.1100 | Freeman considers return to track
football.3125 | Hearts of Oak 3-2 Cotonsport
football.3231 | Prinz beats Hamm to Fifa trophy
tennis.5001 | Henman overcomes rival Rusedski
tennis.5002 | Safin slumps to shock Dubai loss
tennis.5003 | Ferrero eyes return to top form
tennis.5004 | Roddick into San Jose final
tennis.5005 | Federer claims Dubai crown
tennis.5006 | Young debut cut short by Ginepri
tennis.5007 | Melzer shocks Agassi
tennis.5008 | Federer forced to dig deep
tennis.5009 | Nadal marches on in Mexico
tennis.5010 | Hantuchova in Dubai last eight
tennis.5011 | Parmar ruled out of Davis Cup tie
tennis.5012 | Davenport hits out at Wimbledon
tennis.5013 | Dogged Federer claims Dubai crown
tennis.5014 | Henman hopes ended in Dubai
tennis.5015 | Mirza shocks Kuznetsova
tennis.5016 | Hantuchova in Dubai last eight
tennis.5017 | Murray to make Cup history
tennis.5018 | Davenport hits out at Wimbledon
tennis.5019 | Venus stunned by Farina Elia
tennis.5020 | Martinez sees off Vinci challenge
tennis.5021 | Serena becomes world number two
tennis.5022 | Hingis to make unexpected return
tennis.5023 | Clijsters set for February return
tennis.5024 | Hewitt falls to Dent
tennis.5025 | Angry Williams rejects criticism
tennis.5026 | Davenport dismantles young rival
tennis.5027 | Serena ends Sania Mirza's dream
tennis.5029 | What now for British tennis?
tennis.5030 | Hewitt overcomes wobble in Sydney
tennis.5031 | Moya fights back for Indian title
tennis.5032 | Rochus shocks Coria in Auckland
tennis.5033 | Johansson takes Adelaide victory
tennis.5034 | Hingis hints at playing comeback
tennis.5035 | Slovakia seal Hopman Cup success
tennis.5036 | Dementieva prevails in Hong Kong
tennis.5037 | Injury sidelines Philippoussis
tennis.5038 | Hewitt falls to Dent in Adelaide
tennis.5039 | Federer breezes into semi-finals
tennis.5040 | Davenport puts retirement on hold
tennis.5042 | Navratilova hits out at critics
tennis.5043 | Prodigy Monfils blows away Gaudio
tennis.5045 | Henin-Hardenne beaten on comeback
tennis.5046 | Moya clinches Cup for Spain
tennis.5047 | Capriati to miss Melbourne
tennis.5048 | Classy Henman makes winning start
tennis.5049 | Moya emotional after Davis Cup win
tennis.5050 | Moya emotional at Davis Cup win
tennis.5051 | Capriati out of Australian Open
tennis.5052 | Bryan twins keep US hopes alive
tennis.5053 | Faultless Federer has no equal
tennis.5054 | Mauresmo opens with victory in LA
tennis.5055 | Agassi fear for Melbourne
tennis.5056 | Henman to face Saulnier test
tennis.5057 | Moya suffers shock loss
tennis.5058 | Clijsters hope on Aussie Open
tennis.5059 | Clijsters could play Aussie Open
tennis.5060 | Edgy Agassi struggles past Dent
tennis.5061 | Roddick splits from coach Gilbert
tennis.5063 | Hewitt survives Nalbandian epic
tennis.5064 | Sydney return for Henin-Hardenne
tennis.5066 | Hewitt fights back to reach final
tennis.5067 | Officials respond in court row
tennis.5068 | Williams battles to Aussie title
tennis.5069 | Safin cool on Wimbledon
tennis.5070 | Safin plays down Wimbledon hopes
tennis.5072 | Henman & Murray claim LTA awards
tennis.5073 | Connors' rallying cry for British tennis
tennis.5074 | Roche 'turns down Federer offer'
tennis.5075 | Federer joins all-time greats
tennis.5076 | Philippoussis doubt over Open bid
tennis.5077 | Slovakia reach Hopman Cup final
tennis.5078 | Dent continues Adelaide progress
tennis.5079 | Moya sidesteps Davis Cup in 2005
tennis.5080 | Henman decides to quit Davis Cup
tennis.5081 | Ivanovic seals Canberra victory
tennis.5083 | Safin relieved at Aussie recovery
tennis.5084 | Veteran Martinez wins Thai title
tennis.5085 | Soderling wins tense Milan final
tennis.5086 | Rusedski forced out in Marseille
tennis.5087 | Big guns ease through in San Jose
tennis.5088 | Almagro continues Spanish surge
tennis.5089 | Melzer shocks Agassi in San Jose
tennis.5090 | Mirza makes Indian tennis history
tennis.5091 | Roddick to face Saulnier in final
tennis.5093 | Clijsters sets up Venus match-up
tennis.5094 | Injured Roddick quits in Memphis
tennis.5095 | Henman hopes ended in Dubai rain
tennis.5096 | Agassi into second round in Dubai
tennis.5097 | Mauresmo fights back to win title
tennis.5098 | Federer wins title in Rotterdam
tennis.5099 | GB players warned over security
tennis.5100 | Sharapova overcomes tough Molik
